todo as well...
everytime you click menu its does query to see role and custimizes menu
so if you are not a manager dont show manager stuff
not an admin dont show admin 
so basically a parent would just see
schedule
persons
edit profile
logout

so basically a playera would just see
games
schedule
persons
edit profile
logout

are we at point we we need admin/manager to be able to edit profiles and move players to teams?
so maybe keep global administrator edit profiles...
but..
global profile may look like
players
then all the potential teams........as buttons so you can just click...
Victor u8b u9b u10 u11 u12 u13b 

same with parents....coaches managers....

manager screen will only allow adding to that team...
so 
rc celt..
 u16Caos drop down..
        player drop down

Baidel Victor  player 
Breslin Luke   player

rc celt..
 u16Caos drop down..
        parent drop down

Baidel Alex    parent 
Breslin Jim    parent
Breslin Coleen parent

rc celt..
 u16Caos drop down..
        coach drop down

Breslin Jim    coach
Servein Eugene coach
Luis    rodri  coach


then have..
TEAMS
in teams you can add players to teams if you are the manager only... administrator must first have added them as players....you can also add parents to team and coach in same way
maybe you list players in club and then you 


--------------
process moves but watch out for client id !!!!
-----------

lets send moves to server then have it track moves and send back to client and for now just print coord to console
------
maybe seperate profile updates for better error handling or use client to error handle better
---------------------
but right now finish format replace..
--------------
profile page:
add yourself as player, manager, coach, REMOVE yourself as those as well.

//this is currently 'done enough' via invite to club by a club_administrator. but later we need to have a request join club.
contention:
email can
request themselves to club_email

//this is currently done when you first join, also done when you add a person.
contention:  
club_email can
add themselves to club_person

//this is currenlty not done and should be first on a personal profile page.
obvious: 
person can
add themselves as player, manager, coach, administrator

contention: 
club_administrator can      //sift through club_persons and make different roles
add club_player, club_manager, club_coach

contention: 
team_club_persons_club_managers can
team_club_persons_club_players, team_club_persons_club_coaches 

--------
Add board members 
------------
thinking for this we need a profile page
next handle adding an administrator:

CLUB ADMINISTRATION
add club administrator done by ONLY club adminsitrator

PROFILE
add yourself to administrator 
ALSO add yourself as player, manager, coach, REMOVE yourself as those as well.

add someone else in your club to just adminsistrator

--------------------- 
delete club needs to handle availability
but to do this it will be easir to have jbreslin as club admin
------------------
Handle upcoming scedule to show availablity on reload.

-----------------
need update game avail
-------------
also we are getting dups when you add a practice

=---
still have reload screens to tend to but next get rid of unused procedures and files
-----------
insert practice and prob insert game reloads screen
----------------
Use a <span class="link" ng-click="forgotPassword()"> tag. Style it with text-decoration: underline; cursor: pointer;, the color you like, etc.
------------
we will call get on load but then everytime you hit forward or back button we will call get
-----------------
do you want to query db everytime you make a calender change like change month or go back to all days list view
-----------------
when you hit a button you need to close side nav and or make sub menus
---------------
hit enter in last text box should submit
---------------------------------
handle dups on pitch and maybe club and team
-------------------
after choose person hide menu buttons
-----------------
below and should i even be showing in clubs the clubs person is not an admin of? 
---------------
need to handle no pitch gracefully
--------
make insert forgot passsword give you a jwt but it should have authorization_id = 0
and it should let you know that you are currently not logged in but in view mode....
------------
soccer game
join at any time...
if goal is scored you get 3 points if you are scored on you lose 1 or some sort. 
this allows joining in at any time.
------------------------
persons can be added by email or club???
this way a club can register your person for club stuff (player, coach etc) if they are not there.
but...
an email can only create or delete(more on that later) a person
if you go to delete a person that exists in a club table such as team player you will not be able to you can however edit it.

----------
xxxneed to break up tables more...
-------
-------------------
xxxxxxxxxxwe should be getting a notice when trying to join with same email

--------------------------------
xxxxnext after we fix yahoo bug we simply need a change_password jawn just like forgot_password
------------------
xxxx
actually we need to check right on first load now....
and if no jwt in local storage we take them to login page else
we take them to main(later probably schedule page)
then...
after insert_native_login OR google sign up/login ....we need to then
check local storage on load of page.....
then if they are there just take them to main dont send off to server....
if they are not take to login page as we have no idea who this person is

then later on add club etc we send jwt accross and if comes back bogus
we take to login

----------
xxxxxxxxx
should not be able to add club which is next step without sending login credentials
----------
are we trying to do too much on one webapp??
why not have separate apps instead of a one stop shop

they could share db's as well

so we have the scheduling portion.....

then we can have a separate club managment payment system....

then we can hava a separate system for session planning

then a separate system for video game like training....

this would maybe make the scheduling system easier to handle db wise


-------------------
xxxxxxxxxxx
next to add a user screen, which will in turn add person and then allow that person to createadd a club and team etc.
so anyone can add a club....
once you add a club you and only you can add persons as clubmemebers and club players and add teams
...a club manager or coach can add and delete team players
a club administrator can add teams so we need that table

i think what we are modelling is real people who may be using another persons login.
so this needs to be kept seperate and the way to do that may be families

on that note what if there is a people table or something like it and then a user/login entry is made when you want your own login.

so we need pair tables for if you have a login and pair table if you are linking to someone elses
actually that might not be needed all you need is to link person to show under someone else login

and thus club level stuff is separate and controlled by club
parents should decide what to suscribe to and be auto suscribed.:wq

so viewing doesnt matter so show schedule which is 90% of what they will do won't ask who you are
but when you go to post or something it will ask


if you use another persons login you are that person!!!! then show netflix screen for user members
--users
are jbreslin33 which then branches to me giving invite to momom or colleen as guardians

underneath as well are user_members like netflix model
this table contains bio information and ...
can even contain email and password for a seperate login
the advantage of seperate login is it bypasses having to click luke and still keeps relation to user.

--signup
xxxxxxxxxxxx
you get an email from admin 
it has link  to signup to cmswebapp with a code attached that will get you in as user  

once you are a user you may add site_members that belong to you

user--jbreslin33

site_members--Luke Breslin, 


the only person that can add players, managers or coaches to a team is manager or admin. 
anyone can jump in as a parent????
anyone can be a club member....


--users
xxxxxxxxx
anyone can be a user just sign up on the site like facebook or twitter or gmail
this will in cases be a parent whos email will be username and the kids and possibly the spouse will use it.

-- a site member 
xxxxxxxxxxxx
is anyone who will be on the site of importance to the club
so a player, parent, coach, manager but it's possible that a grandparent or spouse is just using the user persona of parent and is a ghost and that is ok we dont need their info

--Handling sibling to sibling
luke would have a checkbox to see grace schedule or not 


---------------------------------
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
How do I handle emails? First email contact will be with parent-- will that hold significance and be primary or do we treat everyone as separate entitites?
What about netflix model with one email and multiple accounts? Could we then still branch out from with some having ind
idiot we are going to join the players and managers table but what if your both????? 

def think need to split up practice and meeting and game atleast game as it has another field called opponent etc and a meeting will not have sessions and :wq

/*
codes
---------------
xxxxxxxxxx

everything else will be done on client

So views should only need email address
only updates and inserts should check for password

so for a query all i need is a saved username which will be an email address if I have that 
there is no reason for user to login. if however they try to update or insert i will check but that will be in update and insert class to be made later.
so this class just needs to parse username and some parameters and a code.
*/

RONDO GAMES
PHILOSOPHY
we are training tactics and not technical

LOOKING AROUND
touch screen or click to simulate looking around
-------------------------------------------
roles issue

should we have a player/parent button(default) 
manager button, coach button, director button
this way if you are a player/parent you are automagically taken to that screen.

It's like an area.  ....also if you are not even listed in db as coach dont really then need to have that button OR could just check when you click it and then bounce you back.

so after you click an area you may or may not be asked to select a team......depends on context

players/parents can do player parent things in that area:
view schedule --schedule will have link to session plan by coach
update availability
make payments
view macro/meso/micro cycles 

managers can:
view schedule
insert/update schedule

coaches can:
view schedule
insert/update session plans
interact with other coaches and see their sessions.
 So going to start the above changes so login will be simpler
Here is old login sql that will be used possibly later:
                $query = "select users.id, users.password, users_clubs_roles.club_id, users_clubs_roles.roles_id, users_clubs_roles_teams.team_id, users_clubs_roles_teams.default_timestamp
                        from users
                        full outer join users_clubs_roles on users_clubs_roles.users_id=users.id
                        join users_clubs_roles_teams on users_clubs_roles_teams.users_clubs_roles_id=users_clubs_roles.id
                        where users.username = '";
                        $query .= $this->mUsername;
                        $query .= "' order by users_clubs_roles_teams.default_timestamp desc LIMIT 1;";

Also right now I will have you login with username and passsword but will have quick check option for view only if you only know your username!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IMPORTAnT

